baby developer (#239)
wesbos/dad-jokes: readme.md

**A**: Because it refuses to be seen doing a two-bit operation.

---

> **Q**: What's the developer's first word?
> **A**: Hello world!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Q**: How do you know your baby is going to grow up to be a developer?
**A**: Their first word is "Hello world!"
```

Author: Yeah I like your one better!
